---
title: "Idea: Barely Accurate NIKKE Dialogue Generator ULTIMATE"
layout: ../../../layouts/blogpost.astro
backlink: /
date: 3-16
---

The [Barely Accurate NIKKE Dialogue Generator](https://skuqre.github.io/nikke-font-generator/dialogue/) is a site where you can create fake screenshots with the Dialogue UI from Goddess of Victory: NIKKE. But what if it was better?

---

### The main idea

The generator, but with actual Live2D features and "scriptable" scenario. The name we have right now is a pending (might change Dialogue to Scenario, as the game calls it) title and I may change it soon!

The main technology (or just the engine) being used is [HaxeFlixel](https://haxeflixel.com/). I've got my start with this library and I know the stuff to work with it. HaxeFlixel also has features like [FlxSpine](https://api.haxeflixel.com/flixel/addons/editors/spine/FlxSpine.html) and most may know that HaxeFlixel is the engine used to create Friday Night Funkin'! This feature will be utilized to *actually* implement the characters.

Since I already have the site done and dusted, I can just use that and recreate everything to HaxeFlixel. Should be pretty easy...

---

### Features

Because the whole thing of the tool is that it's "scriptable," the idea is to create something like a keyframe system with a timeline, zooms, etc... All that stuff, kinda like an editing tool, but dumbed down to the 100th degree.

Shit like the ability to change easing, zoom anywhere with a camera, move anywhere, the possibilities are as limited as the limit posed by the limitations of HaxeFlixel. Could be fun.

---

Basically, a whole-ass recreation of the NIKKE scenario in an editable, scriptable(?) plate. I kinda wanna do it now. I'm just putting this here so that I don't forget it.

---

### Update: 3-17

It's going to be made. I've thoroughly done everything I could with HaxeFlixel but it just didn't work with what NIKKE gave us. We're going Godot, which is something I have close to no knowledge about. This is about to be an amazing learning experience...