---
title: Packing Up
layout: ../../../layouts/blogpost.astro
backlink: /
date: 09-17
---

Let's be honest, this has been long overdue.

I'm packing up! I'm getting out of the Friday Night Funkin' community now.
All I do is make UI, and why make it so limited to such an unaccepting community?

I'm tired of seeing Story Mode, Freeplay, Options, Credits all the fuckin time.
I know I can do more, and I'm restraining myself to whatever the hell these are.

Last mods I'll be working on are VS Trix and Geometric Havoc.
I'll be restricting myself to these mods and will not be working on more now.

I'll be leaving once I'm done with my work and will be gone from this community.

Thank you all for helping me grow as a person. I now know what to do and what not to do when 
collaborating and cooperating, This place is not an airport, but making myself MIA is worse. 

\- skuqre

---

**Q: What will I be working on for YOUR mod now?**<br>
A: Well, the things I'll work on until I get tired.
If overworking occurs, that's where I draw the line.
tl;dr nothing changes.

**Q: Where will you go after everything?**<br>
A: Gambling. And probably branching out but thats for another day.

**Q: Can I work with you on something FNF related now?**<br>
A: Nope. Nuhuh.

**Q: You seem very inactive. You still work for my mod!**<br>
A: Life has roadblocks.

---

I have now removed the Funkin' list of projects as I felt it was too immature. I'm sorry if you had felt offended on my side comments.