---
title: BANFG and Anisé
layout: ../../../layouts/blogpost.astro
backlink: /
date: 12-22
---

### BANFG is just about done!

Barely Accurate NIKKE Font Generator is just about done!

I'll be honest, I didn't think I'd get this far into creating and updating the site, I thought I'd just make the Logo Generator and move on with my life as we know it.

I've added every single feature I've wanted to add -- video exporting, qol, and all that stuff. It's nice to see how it came out to fruition, but the HTML/Astro code could be out for better judgement, as it's horrendous to look at.

People actually use the site for whatever they'd like to happen in the game, and I appreciate that. Whether it be a Blabla or a Dialogue Interaction, it's always something fun/ridiculous.

Please use it for more of your shitposts, some of y'all can cook some shit up in the kitchen, and that's no exaggeration. I hope it's been enjoyable what you've been doing with it so far.

It's been fun creating for *you*, and I hope to create more. Thank you for using it!

edit 8:09 (GMT+8): I **will** still update BANFG, these 3 generators are like the "core" of the site LMAO

---

### The fate of Anisé

Anisé is a Discord Bot I made with [Disnake](https://disnake.dev). It's the first NIKKE-related project I've ever worked on, and definitely one of the worst Python-coded Discord bots ever made.

It provides NIKKE data from 2 databases, [Nikke.gg](https://nikke,gg) and [Prydwen's NIKKE division](https://prydwen.gg/nikke) in order to give you specific information that you want. Stuff like class, rarity, character images, skill descriptions, and all that.

Currently, Anisé is a local-only Discord Bot (not really a public "invite whenever you want" bot), so she stays stagnantly offline in a diary server of mine. That of course, also means no one really knows of its' existence and usage.

I've done a lot for the bot, documentation, bugfixing, and all that stuff. But I've done that for me, and no one else, just like this blog.

I've gotten one recommendation for the bot to be added, and I had to say that it was impossible. Bot hosting is definitely not something I can invest on currently, as I am a broke ass sad soggy wet entity living in a slum (not literally but emotionally, lmao...).

Anisé will **not** be getting anymore viable updates, as I do not use her much now. I currently run a cycle where I develop a new Discord Bot whenever I want to learn a certain programming language, but I have no plans to do so as of right now.

This cycle would probably go on forever, here are the few bots I've created:
- QuadraBot (4 years ago)
- skuqred (3 years ago)
- skuqred² (a year ago)
- Anisé (now)

**Anisé will always stay open source**, and I plan to keep it that way! You can create a Python NIKKE-related Discord Bot using Anisé as a base at anytime without my permission. Be sure to follow the [LICENSE](https://github.com/skuqre/anise/blob/master/LICENSE) she comes with!

---

### What's next?

Maybe a NIKKE fangame? Something like [impomu.com](https://impomu.com)? I don't know...